wam updates for Build release (#4315)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/authenticate-azure-cli-interactively.md

# Sign in interactively with Azure CLI 

> Interactive logins to Azure offer a more intuitive and flexible user experience. Interactive login with Azure CLI allows users to authenticate to Azure directly through the [az login](/cli/azure/reference-index#az-login) command, which is useful for ad-hoc management tasks and for environments that require manual sign-in, such as those with multi-factor authentication (MFA). This method simplifies access for script testing, learning, and on-the-fly management without needing to pre-configure service principals or other noninteractive authentication methods.

Reviewer: This paragraph looks great. Any source?

Author: Azure PowerShell doc :-)

## Sign in with Web Account Manager (WAM) on Windows

> As of Azure CLI version [3.0](./release-notes-azure-cli.md#may-21-2024), WAM is now the default authentication method on Windows. WAM is a Windows 10+ component that acts as an authentication broker. (An authentication broker is an application that runs on a user’s machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for connected accounts.)

Reviewer: We won't bump to `3.0`.

Also, should we use `'` instead of `’`?

```suggestion
As of Azure CLI version [2.61.0](./release-notes-azure-cli.md#may-21-2024), WAM is now the default authentication method on Windows. WAM is a Windows 10+ component that acts as an authentication broker. (An authentication broker is an application that runs on a user's machine that manages the authentication handshakes and token maintenance for connected accounts.)
```

Using WAM has several benefits:

* Enhanced security. See [Conditional Access: Token protection (preview)](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-token-protection).
* Support for Windows Hello, conditional access policies, and FIDO keys.
* Streamlined single sign-on.
* Bug fixes and enhancements shipped with Windows.

If you encounter any issue and want to revert to the previous browser-based authentication method, run the following script:

```azurecli-interactive
az account clear
az config set core.enable_broker_on_windows=false
az login

> ```

Reviewer: Source of these commands: https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/pull/28841

Author: @jiasli , I did use your PR, but I'm interpretting this as a FYI comment for the PR. Thanks for the note.
